The main purpose of this lesson here is
We 're trying to call the flop with
the post flop
that is, we have already learned from the
ourselves learned to listen
kings who learned to make the Tribeca
which one did I mess up
so we basically learned to
do the basics of everything on the preflop but
in the past three rooms he is speaking
A lot about flop posts mainly
on the flop sometimes it's about the team
but until today made no connection
between the flop and opash flop
so the idea of this class that people
try to learn a little how it is
preflop influences post-flop
The second factor is easy also is the
number of players who have been proposed
flop
that is to say we divide ourselves into two
categories that are the most is the pot
heads up or were only two
persons with their own proposals only two
that the pot that is going to be most played is not
the challenge is the most important the second
package type is a multiway pot or
is there more than three opponents is
more than three players in the pot in the post
flop
here I'll get some definitions is
For now it will not make much sense
Here is what I'm talking about here.
about spr
but next there will ever explain what
the sp and the group with the rest of the
Class is no question here if you play much more
aggressive that the last law more or less
that's right
jg rf depends a little on the year
situation but since it will characterize
How does each type depot beauty play
Okay, the Afghan said we'll create more.
one definition is I'll present more
a tool for you
I believe that most do not know Mr.
I would say well in a very lay manner
is more or less a tool like
pots
only it has another utility and we will
get back to you how we're going to use it
she first of all spr or spectrum
pot is simply the division between
the active technicians can nothing that mr
no matter what it is and what it does
now mr
is the effective coach divided by the pot
remembering that it is effective in class three
I think I said that it is
competitive is the smallest stec
between the players that are in the hand
because the lesser that you do, right?
if the guy has 100 other has 30 only goes
being in pot 30 does not matter every 100
thousand 2 thousand 4 thousand only has 30
then a call from the effective technician